hi everyone well today's video I thought
I should film this the Canadian winter
oh my goodness well today it was minus
13 degrees Celsius with the wind chill
and today was the storm of the century
we actually beat our world record in
Montreal set in 1971 we're 45 47
centimeters fell in the course of two
days today believe it or not I thought
we got 25 centimeters but we got
actually 45 centimeters of snow holy
crap and it was the worst of all because
it was blowing snow with the winds at 68
kilometers an hour so a lot of people
are snow blowing a lot of people got
stuck in the snow I had to bring my
snowblower inside to have to do some
repairs to the shoot so had to rely on
griddle Toro just to give you an idea
how high the snow is it's all drifts
it's madness
jeez Louise can't believe 45 centimeters
fell in the course of one day so that is
about oh let's see maybe 22 inches of
snow way no 16 17 18 sorry yeah because
1 inches around 2.5 centimeters so
around a good 20 not sorry 17 inches and
just to give you a little perspective
what the front looks like you can see
the door caved in a lot of snow blowing
and shoveling it took around three hours
to clear everything we can see how much
45 centimeters really is again that's
around 17 18 inches of snow crazy yeah
certainly a white winter wonderland here
in Canada this is warm to a lot more
verb now since the wind has died off but
to show you that we got crazy amounts of
snow here all right everyone so I do
hope you enjoy this video and thanks for
watching and I do have some other videos
that I made over the past couple of days
just having a hot time to upload them
yet alright see you later